Add `path` for information in cookie setting (#42146)
vercel/next.js: docs/api-routes/request-helpers.md

const handler = (req: NextApiRequest, res: NextApiResponse) => {
  // Calling our pure function using the `res` object, it will add the `set-cookie` header

>   // The path option here sets the cookie on the main domain and maxAge option sets the cookie to expire after 30 days

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Add the `set-cookie` header on the main domain and maxAge option sets the cookie to expire after 30 days
```

>   setCookie(res, 'Next.js', 'api-middleware!', { path: '/', maxAge: 2419200 })

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  setCookie(res, 'Next.js', 'api-middleware!', { path: '/', maxAge: 2592000 })
```

The seconds are wrong for 30 days
